Update index.md (#469)
EnzymeAD/Reactant.jl: docs/src/introduction/index.md

# one can now run the program
f(input1, input2)
```

## Tips

### Empty Cache

When you encounter OOM (Out of Memory) errors, you can try to clear the cache by using Julia's builtin `GC.gc()` between memory-intensive operations.

> Note：This only will free memory which is not currently live. If the result of compiled function was stored in a vector, it would still be live and `GC.gc()` would not free it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! note
    This will only free memory which is not currently live. If the result of compiled function was stored in a vector, it will still be alive and `GC.gc()` won't free it.
```

# one can now run the program
f(input1, input2)
```

## Tips

### Empty Cache

> When you encounter OOM (Out of Memory) errors, you can try to clear the cache by using `GC.gc()` between memory-intensive operations.

Reviewer 2: perhaps using Julia's builtin `GC.gc()`. Also perhaps adding something like: "Note, this only will free memory which is not currently live. If, for example the result of f was stored in a vector, it would still be live and GC.gc() would not free it."

Author: Got it!

# one can now run the program
f(input1, input2)
```

## Tips

### Empty Cache

> 

Reviewer 2: sorry one more final nit, can you also paste the error message you got here (to describe what happens if you don't GC). That way if someone comes across the same error message they can search for and find this doc more easily

Author: OK, will fix it tomorrow
